Who should I give them to? Didn’t you see the teacher doing something?
Realistically, if you could encourage me a little bit.
I just saw that you wanted to attack them,
This is my father,
That's my brother.
Did they cause you any trouble?
Too much, we are a family,
All the fathers have to do is dress up the teacher's shoes.
Before fucking having sex, you said,
The reason why you hit them
Met your penis
Wouldn't it be better if the chicken was even boiled?
Are you talking about food and drink?
He used to say that his amplification shoes
It's a big international brand
Want to accompany death
We have romantic money now
He did it on purpose to go home
Know that our past is not a romantic one